Today my name is Jenny Darren. Nice to meet you Jenny. Where you from I'm from the Cox worlds
Do you have a day job? No, I'm retired. How old usually don't let me ask him. I'm 68
And Jenny are you doing this because you think you can win the show?
Absolutely. That's what it's about
Okay
Jenny
Okay, just bear with me campers
On this wall
Hi ladies
Welcome to America's Got Talent. Thank you. How you feeling? We are super excited
We thought through how do you two know each other?
We are friends from New Orleans. We've known each other since we were
We've known each other since we were in college so years decades lovely, well, you know what enjoy yourself and good luck
Oh
So why he decided to come on the show
Well, I thought maybe I'd be the first singing priest maybe to win Britain's Got Talent. I think you would be
Thank you. Okay
so tell me the song of why you've chosen it and I'm going to sing the REM song everybody hurts, beautiful and
It's a it's a song. That's kind of near and dear to my heart
I suppose being a priest you get in touch with a lot of pain a lot of joy and happiness as well
So I suppose it's a song that I feel I can hug. You can relate it. Yeah, great. It's a lovely song. Okay
Good luck. Thank you very much
You've had
In his life the days and the nights
How are you doing today, I'm doing good. What's your name?
And how old you my name is Celine and I'm nine years old
This is my dream being in America's Got Talent
So, what are you gonna be doing for us today? I'm gonna be singing. Oh wow
Have you got any brothers or sisters? I got a little sister. And what's her name? Her name is Dion Oh Celine and Dion. Oh
Really so I'm guessing your parents love Celine deals, right?
So when did you realize that you had a great singing voice when I was in the car?
My dad's driving and then suddenly I just sang my heart will go on and then he was like wow, I'm Indian
So yeah, we got that. We've worked that out Mel. There's the Celine Dion
So what what kind of music do you like to listen to I like?
Celine Dion, yeah
and
And what is your big dream to be the next to be in Dion? She's got it
Celine Dion
This is your dream. Celine can answer your question. What artists are you going to be singing?
Well Celine, good luck
Thank you.
Hello hello, hello. Hello, I'm Henry I'm Malc and we are the pensioners
How do you know each other well we cross paths all our life and didn't know it yeah went to the same damn source
We're both engineers by trade not now from where yeah, and don't castor South Yorkshire. Don't mister
Yeah, do you mind me asking how old you are Henry 84 84 85
I'm 75
Alright good luck guys, thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Here we go
You make me feel so good
And you make me feel like spring has sprung
And every time I see you
I wanna go play hide and seek. I wanna go. Wow
Just like the toy boom. You know why cuz you
We're just like a couple the tops running across the meadow
You make me feel so young
Make me songs to the Sun
Kieran
Make me feel so young feels so